ref: Rename SentryClient and SentryUser (#2403)
getsentry/sentry-cocoa: CHANGELOG.md

This version introduces a dependency on Swift, which only impacts you if you don't use Swift. If your project uses Swift already, this change will not affect you.

### Breaking Changes

> - Renaming Client and User to SentryClient and SentryUser (#2403)

Author: ```suggestion
- Renaming Client to SentryClient for Swift (#2403)
- Renaming User to SentryUser for Swift (#2403)
```

### Features

- Properly demangle Swift class name (#2162)

> - Renaming Client and User to SentryClient and SentryUser (#2403)

Reviewer: That's not really a feature though. I'm in the same boat with #2404 😅
